Bard fox plays a trick on the party
lightning storm. Roll 1d100. Lower than 25, make DC 12 dex save or take 3d10 lightning damage
meteorite
poisonous berries DC 12 nature check
rations start to rot. Find a way to stop the rot, or you'll be without food soon
Hurricane winds
traveling salesman weasel (cursed magic items) with low prices
Poisonous vines DC 12 dex save, or 1d4 damage for random player
Fording a river, DC 12 athletics to not get swept down stream
Moving through some mucky wet area, DC 12 con save to avoid getting 1d4 poison damage
Extremely dry day, can't find any streams or water today
Gets unseasonably cold. Find shelter(roll again), or make a DC 10 con save to prevent taking 1d4 cold damage
Icy rains, without traveler's clothing, find shelter or make a DC 12 con save to avoid getting 1d6 cold damage
Strong hail. Find shelter immediately or make DC 12 Dex save to avoid taking 3d4 bludgeoning
Find forest fire. Use water/magic to put it out. DC 10 con save or take 1d4 poison damage to escape
Random character almost trips DC 10 acrobatics check to avoid dropping foot in a hole and spraining an ankle (1d6 bludgeoning)
An injured badger asks for food, water, or healing
A large plant that explodes, shooting seeds around. DC 12 dex save or take 1d4 bludgeoning damage
a spirit in the night beckons the party into the forest. It's pitch black.
players get lost
players can't cross a river
A murder of ravens viciously guard a few shiny coins
A body hung from a tree with a sign on it warning passers by (from bandits to keep locals in line)
A body hung from a tree with a sign on it warning passers by (from royalty to keep bandits in line)
Soldiers of a local government asking people to pay an actual toll (not bandits!). Have a man in shackles next to them.
Tax collector moving down the road with their enforcers 
Sudden rainstorm the party must take shelter from
A dealer of “used magical artefacts”
A mink picking and eating wild berries
A manic Herbalist, with green smears around his mouth