burned down farmstead
hallucinagenic berries DC 12 nature check
mundane graveyard
light drizzle
light rain
heavy rain
the air is heavy with spores
heavy mist obscures line of sight
[1]Lost runnaway child
Ancient ruins
A monolith with carvings in them (1d4 draconic, dwarven, infernal, abyssal)
Heavy winds, can't set up a tent or fire naturally
A tree with human arms, legs, ears, and noses growing out of it
An eagle swoops down and snatches up a prairie dog
A large plant that explodes, shooting seeds around harmlessly
A giant patch of white, furry mushrooms
A couple feral humans are fucked up on fermented fruit or mushrooms
A group of wise monkeys are communicating with feral humans
A dead, raided caravan
Severed heads on sticks
A sign reading "turn back"
an abandoned farmhouse
an otter man hanging from a tree with a pointy hat and a wooden board carved with "witch"
A group of feral humans starting a fire
A field of flying flowers
A tree with whip-like vines constrains a bird. DC 14 athletics to free it
seeing a particularly exotic or interesting animal to hunt
A bear girl in a mask and tattered clothes is standing on the side of the road, shouting at anyone who passes by about how the lord of a nearby town is corrupt and guilty of numerous horrific crimes. If you stop and talk to her, she will tell you that she was sentenced to death for speaking out against him, forcing her to flee the city, but she won't let that stop her from letting everyone know the truth. After 1d10 minutes, a few knights come down the road and the girl flees into the wilderness.
A large tree with nooses hanging from the branches, a hangman’s tree
A small family of beggars
A camp fire, but no campers. No campers show up no matter how long players wait
A corpse tied to a pole, the result of a local thief being executed for their crimes and been made an example
A trio of peaceful harpies, enjoying the weather
A woman looking for her lost son
A wagon with a broken wheel is on the side of the road. The travelers are friendly cats. They don’t have a spare and are currently trying to improvise.
Funeral procession complete with priests/clerics
Noble in carriage with guards
Recently wounded folks with tales of bandits that have stolen their stuff
Armed people just taking a break (might look like bandits. Good to use on bridges).
A tipped over wagon with goods and people missing
A troop of badgers heading to their new home
A bear cleric/priest preaching the end of days who tries to get the party to confess their sins and repent!
A set of cowboys herding their cows
A parent teaching their offspring to ride a horse.
Beggars
A slave merchant with guards and slaves in tow
Dogs with a partially disassembled waggon arguing over the proper way to fix it.
An amorous couple off the road whose sounds of enjoyment can be heard
Prospectors
A prisoner being escorted by a knight / armed man
A leper 
A naked man who has gambled away his clothes. Surprisingly well spoken.
Someone who dropped a wedding ring and is scouring the road for it.
Traveling blind man with a scimitar.
Single female gopher walking alone
Person / People re building a small bridge over a creek / stream
Berry pickers
Gambling stall
Fallen tree blocking the road, but no ambush.
Bounty hunter armed to the teeth. Asks the party if they’ve seen who s/he’s looking for. Has a really bad sketch of their target.
Runaway slave
Mail carrier & single escort
Dead courier
Survivor(s) from a caravan attack
Traveling diplomat and armed escort
A painter drawing a lovely landscape
Priests/Clerics preaching against impropriety and catnip
Lone paladin cleansing the land of evil
Peasants moving grain by the wagon load
Peasants moving fruits / veggies
Traveling foreigner who doesn’t speak the language asking for directions to town.
Horse with a saddle but no rider
Roadside brothel (has bouncers)
Person gone mad with heat/thirst/disease frantically digging a hole in the middle of the road.
A man burying some bodies on the side of the road / old graves on the side of the road.
Bones littering the ground off the road. The site of a battle from ages ago.
[1]People napping on the side of the road.
Herd of animals wandering about without an owner. Cows/sheep/goats/pigs.
A person stuck in a pit trap on the road.
Deserters from some armed force. They are well armed but dejected and keep to themselves.
Mercenary group that’s recently been hired and moving on to their new job.
A small group of mercenaries, dishevelled and sweating
Minor noble travelling via horse, with servants
Minor noble going to/returning from hunt, with retinue
Local bailiff, sheriff or warden, with a suspicious outlook of strangers
A pair of hunters or poachers, arguing about who is to blame for a missed shot
Limping bailiff and his badly beaten prisoner
Escaped prisoner, manacled and carrying a religious icon
Sheriff and his dogs, out hunting an outlaw
A boundary warden with a broken bow and empty scabbard, fuming as he walks
Lone travelling priest, carrying a lit censer with an acrid smell
Lone travelling cleric, with a faintly glowing mace
Charismatic priest and retinue of apostles, who are mumbling to each other and won't make eye contact
A cleric and a small retinue of acolytes, full of confidence
A ranger/boundary warder patrol, with a cheerful leader
A patrol from the local city or town guard, nervous about being out of town
A wounded soldier, limping along on crutches
A wandering dog, with a silver collar and name tag
A deserting soldier carrying a memento of a fallen friend
A bear wearing a collar and trailing a frayed rope
A riderless horse, with bulging saddlebags
A thrown rider, trying to catch his horse
A wandering madman, ranting about an invisible creature
A pair of coyote prospectors, arguing loudly about where they took a wrong turn
Fisherman by a riverside, without any fish
A partially smashed coffin, with a “corpse” inside which is slowly moving
A squire chasing his drunken master’s horse
Guarded and chained prisoners digging a ditch
A pair of wagon drivers preparing to race each other
A tiny Earth Elemental, shifting pebbles from one side of the road to the other
A group of dancing lights, which keep just ahead of the party
A drug addict, coming down from their last score
A harmless ghost, sadly humming an old song
A hawker trying to find his bird
A grave robber, with mud on his shoes and a dark, wet sack on his back
A gang of youths from a nearby town
A drunken Hill Giant, asleep and snoring loudly
A starving hermit, bearing a sword handle without a blade
A migrating Treant, walking down the middle of the road
A dead knight’s retinue, returning the body home
Traveling reeve or magistrate, summoned to a case
A group of pilgrims, one of which is carrying a small, heavily bound chest
A surveyor excited about discovering a door into an artificial hillock
A dripping wet fisherman, climbing up from a riverbank with an angry look
A pixie telling rude jokes and riddles
Four villagers burning a pile of corpses, which are emitting a thick purple smoke
A contented Elk, smoking an oddly scented pipe
[1]An imp caught in a rabbit trap, screeching loudly
A lost wagon guard, with scratches on his face
A band of giant hunters, paid to kill a troublesome old Hill Giant
A charcoal burner, telling stories about haunted trees