Bard Fox presents a gift in exchange for a good joke or song
Good berries DC 12 nature check
farmers in a wagon will offer wares and a free ride
traveling salesman weasel (high prices)
bright hall residents(albinos)
Group of hunters with a fresh kill (cave bear, stegasaur) are carving it up
A kangaroo storyteller offers to travel with the party
A homeless sheep finds the party
A traveling sage rabbit finds the group and asks them questions
Cleric pika(Beksolta Ryzaev) tells about Ilmater, offers some cleric spells (minor restoration, cure wounds)
A moose druid offers talk about nature, offers good berries
Red fox follower of Sune, will buy beautiful objects for high price
weapons dealer selling discount rusty weapons (firearms for 1/3 price)
Some wolf hunters offer to travel with the group, gambling and telling rumors
A coyote monk travels with the monk and tell rumors
An african wild dog traveling book salesman
A troop of performers
Traveling fortune teller (Madam Raj)
A group of dropout ravers from eLeon try to trade useless trinkets for food
A cherry tree with fruit that telepathically compliment you as you eat them
[1]A baby animal
A group of lost, hungry nobles that will pay a lot for rations
A chest sitting in the road. It contains 2d20 gold and some jewelry(20gp worth)
A path leading to a grove with a sword in a stone. DC 18 athletics to pull it free
Lion missionaries try to convert the party to Torm. If the party appeases them, they'll tell of a nearby inn where they can get free room and board for the night
Fox traveler makes a wager with a small chest of gold. If they win, it's revealed to be an illusion with a few copper inside.
A painter currently painting the landscape will offer to paint a portrait of the party for a sum of 5 gold. The portrait will require the party to spend the entire day posing.
A group of traveling bards, telling stories and singing songs of the tales of the world
A gypsy caravan, able to sell and trade basic items such as clothing or food.
A tent that had fallen off of another adventurer’s wagon and left behind, it’s in good shape and perfectly usable but it’s garish and has pink and red stripes
A traveling blacksmith and their apprentice
A wolf and a sheep gambling together, join them for a round of cards?
Another group of adventurers settling down for a rest
A husband and wife traveling to the city the players just left
A hunter returning from a hunt, his hound has a bloody mouth
A mage testing his ability with a strong spell.
Pottery merchant.
Jeweler traveling with wares and guards
A lion knight and their squire
Traveling merchant selling perfumes, balms, ointments, oils, and “healing potions”
Wagon travelers stopped on the side of the road making food and resting.
A pre-wedding party drinking and traveling on their way to the ceremony.
A furtive person offering to sell the party narcotics
People competing in a footrace between towns
A dual between two fighters.
A lone escaped cow.
Traveling Circus
A dead warrior, propped up against a tree. His foe dead before him. (half plate armor, long sword, long bow)
An exotic animal trader looking to buy or sell. Has guards and exotic wild animals
Traveling snow leopard wizard on waggon pulled by donkeys
Group of pilgrims
Silent monks / nuns
Traveling glass blower with guards
Beekeeper resting on the side of the road with his bee boxes in a cart
Traveling alchemist from far far away
Traveling magician
Traveling cheese vendor
Rehearsing dancers/actors in a field getting it right before they show up in town.
Tea house with people resting
Traveling wine merchant
Lonely traveler who joins the party and walks along with them
Roadside tavern
A festival set up off the road with merchant stalls, music, dancing, art, drinking, etc.
Someone who recognizes the party and is a fan of their work! Wants to hear their stories.
Someone selling jewelry at a heavy discount on the side of the road. A thief fencing his stolen goods.
Roadside altar / temple
A bard or minstrel, half dressed and looking over his shoulder
Farmer going to/returning from market with his meager goods
Farmer going to/returning from town with his/her sons
[1]Farmer going to/returning from town with his/her daughters
A lone trader/merchant on foot, leading a mule carrying their wares
Lone trader/merchant riding on a horse drawn wagon
A travelling historian carrying a sack of old stone statues
A starving beggar, willing to trade information for food
skunk cook/chef, out foraging for ingredients
Overturned wagon with injured possum merchant
A bored elderly mink, with a curious mechanical toy
Group of robed monks, carrying a lit censer
An armoured tiger sitting on a stone, sharpening a sword and sighing
Farmer with an unmoving mule, laden with fruit
A mouse riding an armoured mastiff
A friendly necromancer with several raised skeletons, who offers to share food
A rhino tinker & merchant, offering magical mending
A backwoods moonshiner, offering free samples of his wares
A beaver boy swinging a stick like a sword, with a pet dog following
porcupine Villagers cutting wood to make bows
A wild-eyed and dishevelled panda Alchemist, ranting about a breakthrough
A seller of genuine, if minor, religious relics
An ebullient red panda, dressed in bright fine silks
A fur trapper, with a live wolverine as a pet
A sour old grandmother, complaining bitterly about her eldest son
A young dog man, with a hideous mask magically stuck to his face
A Hobgoblin out to see the world
A potion merchant, with a backpack full of ‘alternative’ potions
wagon drivers are practicing for the big town racing festival, which the players could complete in if they want
[1]wagon drivers are moonshiners, and are seeing how quickly they can get from their secret still to the nearest town
wagon drivers are romantic rivals, and the outcome of the race determines who gets to try and woo the object of their affections first
wagon drivers are kids, aspiring to leave their town and get out from under the thumb of (insert authority figure here). Maybe the players encourage them, or try to dissuade them
